migrate FAQ (#108)
morloy/ledgy.com: src/markdown/faq.md

---
date: "2019-02-05"
title: "FAQ"
description: "Frequently asked questions about Ledgy"
---

Welcome to Ledgy’s FAQ! Hit *command+F* to look for key words to find your question. **Can’t find the answer to your question below?** Drop us an email at [contact@ledgy.com](mailto:contact@ledgy.com) with the subject *FAQ* and your question. We’ll get right back to you and might add your question here as well.

### App

##### How do I get started?

Read our [Getting Started](https://blog.ledgy.com/getting-started-426f0668d81c) guide.

##### How can I invite an investor to see my cap table?

Go on the *Shareholders* page, add you investor’s email address (at this point the shareholder does NOT receive any email). Then just click the invite button on the right-hand side. You can choose three access right levels.

1. **Personal** The investor will be able see her own stake in her [portfolio](https://blog.ledgy.com/ledgy-launches-investor-dashboard-a1ad1a95df07).
2. **View-only** View everything, but not able to edit.
3. **Admin** Full access.

##### How can I enable share numbers?

> Go to your company’s *Settings* page, click on the edit icon in the *Company Profile* box, then activate the *Share Numbers* toggle. You can also check out our opinionated [blog post](https://blog.ledgy.com/are-numbered-shares-necessary-15c27f3457a8) about the necessity of numbered shares.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to your company’s *Settings* page and under your company details activate the *Share Numbers* toggle. Nice side-effect: This automatically adds consistent share numbers to your current transactions. It always takes the lowest available range of numbers for the next transaction.
```

Yes that’s possible thanks to the Draft mode! Here’s how: Let’s say you would like to see how your cap table will look like after your upcoming series A and B.

1.  Go to the *Cap table* page, click on *Round modeling* at the upper-right corner and simulate your series A. Then click on apply. The new transactions will be created as a draft. You can have a look at them on the *Transactions* page.
2.  Now your cap table status is post series A. Repeat the process above for your series B in the *Round modeling*.

That’s it! To remove these series A and B transactions from your draft, go to the *Transactions* page and click on the *Reset all* button. But make sure there were no other remaining changes to your transactions before resetting.

##### Where can I see my convertible loans?

Go to the *Transactions* page and in the *Filter* field, type *Convertible loan*.

Or open the *Round Modeling* on the *Cap Table* page, click *Add* and *Remaining Convertibles*. This also allows you to simulate the conversion of the loans (see next point).

##### How do I convert my convertible loans?

There are two ways of converting convertible loans:

> 1.  Through the round modeling tool, which also [calculates for you](https://blog.ledgy.com/convertible-loans-7948385a5d66) how many shares should be issued for the convertible, taking cap, discount and interest into account. Go to the *Cap Table* page and click on *Round Modeling*. Existing convertibles should already be displayed. If not, add them by clicking on *Add *and then *Remaining Convertibles.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Through the round modeling tool, which also [calculates for you](https://blog.ledgy.com/convertible-loans-7948385a5d66) how many shares should be issued for the convertible, taking cap, discount and interest into account. Go to the *Cap Table* page and click on *Round Modeling*. Existing convertibles should already be displayed. If not, add them by clicking on *Add* and then *Remaining Convertibles.*
```

2.  Find your convertible loan on the *Transactions* page. Then click on the menu (dots) in the transaction itself and select *Convert*. You need to calculate the number of shares yourself.

##### In which browser does the app work best?

The app works best in Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox. If don’t use one of these browsers and notice a weird behavior, please let us know.

##### How can I create shareholder groups?

> Go to the *Stakeholders* page. Hover over the shareholder and you’ll see the edit field for the shareholder’s group. By default the groups *Founders*, *Employees* and *Investors* already exist. To add a new group, simply start typing a name in the field and click on *Create new group*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the *Stakeholders* page, click the three dots next one, click *Edit* and type the group in the respective field. By default, the groups *Founders*, *Employees* and *Investors* already exist. To add a new group, simply start typing a name in the field and click on *Create new group*.
```
